male announcer: ON THE LAST
EPISODE OF  INK MASTER...
EIGHT RIVAL ARTISTS WERE
FIGHTING TO SETTLE THE SCORE.
IN THE FLASH CHALLENGE,
THE ARTISTS FACE A WHOLE NEW SET
OF PROBLEMS
TATTOOING AMPUTEES.
- ALL RIGHT?
- YEAH, SORRY.
I CAN'T CONTROL
THAT TWITCHING.
- MY CANVAS' RESIDUAL LIMB IS
LITERALLY BOUNCING OFF
OF THE TABLE.
announcer:
IN THE ELIMINATION TATTOO,
RIVALS WENT HEAD-TO-HEAD
TO SETTLE THE SCORE.
- THIS KIND OF CURVES
A LITTLE BIT,
BUT IT SITS RIGHT ON HER BONES.
- WOW.
- I'M GONNA SHUT DON UP
ONCE AND FOR ALL,
AND I'M GONNA SEND HIS ASS HOME.
announcer: AND THE ARTISTS
MADE A SHOCKING DISCOVERY.
- EVERYBODY'S GOT A PROBLEM.
JOSH HAS BEEN
CHEATING THE COMPETITION.
- YOU'RE A [bleep] LIAR.
YOU'RE A [bleep] CHEAT.
- YOU'RE GONNA CHEAT, PAY
THE [bleep] PRICE OR GO HOME.
- YOU'RE OUT OF YOUR MIND.
- I CAN'T HELP YOU ANYMORE.
- I DON'T NEED YOUR HELP,
AND I NEVER DID.
- I HELPED YOU BY NOT BEATING
YOUR [bleep] HEAD IN THE WALL.
announcer: IN THE ELIMINATION,
CRIS, MARK, DON, AND JASON
WERE IN THE BOTTOM FOUR.
- ANY ONE OF YOU COULD BE
JUSTIFIABLY ELIMINATED.
HOWEVER, THERE IS A SITUATION
THAT WE HAVE TO ADDRESS.
JOSH, YOU VIOLATED MULTIPLE
RULES OF THIS COMPETITION.
AND AS YOU ADMITTED,
YOU'VE BEEN IN POSSESSION
OF CONTRABAND.
- I JUST WANT TO DO
THE COMPETITION, MAN.
I DIDN'T DO IT TO CHEAT.
- I MEAN, IT'S PRETTY SIMPLE.
IT'S PRETTY CLEAR-CUT.
- THIS IS A SERIOUS RULES
VIOLATION.
THEREFORE, YOU ARE OUT
OF THE COMPETITION.
- TODAY IS THE FIRST TIME EVER
THAT THE BEST TATTOO OF THE DAY
GOES HOME.
- SORRY.
- JOSH, YOU DO NOT HAVE
WHAT IT TAKES TO BE INK MASTER.
announcer: SEVEN ARTISTS REMAIN,
BUT ONLY ONE WILL EARN
A $100,000 PRIZE
AND THE TITLE OF INK MASTER.
[rock music]
♪ ♪
- THAT WAS A TERRIBLE WAY
TO GO OUT.
- JOSH--HE DID IT TO HIMSELF.
AND EVERYBODY CREATES
THEIR OWN DESTINY, MAN.
HE JUST MADE POOR CHOICES.
- WHAT DO YOU THINK'S GONNA
HAPPEN RIGHT NOW?
THE COMPETITION MOVES ON.
- WE'RE HERE TO TATTOO.
- IT IS A COMPETITION.
YOU GOT TO FIGHT
WITH WHO'S RIGHT HERE, DUDE.
WE DON'T HAVE TIME TO THINK
ABOUT [bleep] FROM YESTERDAY
OR THE DAY BEFORE.
I'M WORRIED ABOUT YOU, YOU,
YOU, YOU--
- THAT'S THE BOTTOM LINE.
EVERYBODY IS AT EACH OTHER NOW.
- WOW.
HOLY [bleep].
- WELCOME, ARTISTS.
ALL SEVEN OF YOU FOUGHT HARD
TO MAKE IT THIS FAR,
BUT ONLY ONE OF YOU WILL WALK
AWAY WITH $100,000,
A FEATURE IN  INKED MAGAZINE,
AND THE TITLE OF INK MASTER.
THIS WEEK,
WE'RE TESTING...
PLACEMENT.
- PROPERLY PLACING A TATTOO CAN
REALLY CHANGE THE DYNAMIC
OF THE ENTIRE PIECE.
IF YOU PUT A BEAUTIFUL TATTOO
ON A PERFECT SPOT IN THE BODY,
IT MAKES IT THAT MUCH BETTER.
- TODAY WE HAVE A VERY SPECIAL
GUEST JUDGE,
RUNNING BACK FOR THE CAROLINA
PANTHERS, DEANGELO WILLIAMS.
- YEAH.
- DEANGELO WILLIAMS--
MAN, THIS IS SUPER EXCITING.
- THIS IS AWESOME.
I'M A HUGE FOOTBALL FAN.
- WHAT'S GOING ON, MAN?
I GOT MY FIRST TATTOO
WHEN I WAS 19.
EVERY TATTOO THAT I HAVE
REPRESENTS
SOMETHING THAT'S HAPPENED
IN MY LIFE.
HEY, GUYS.
all: HEY.
- AS A GUEST JUDGE,
I'M LOOKING FOR SOMEONE THAT CAN
TURN THOUGHTS AND MOMENTS
INTO ARTWORK THAT THEY CAN WEAR
FOR A LIFETIME.
- WHILE DEANGELO'S BEST KNOWN
FOR HIS SPEED ON THE FIELD,
OFF THE FIELD,
HE FIGHTS TIRELESSLY
FOR A CAUSE
THAT HAS BECOME PERSONAL
FOR HIM AND HIS FAMILY.
WHAT YOU MAY NOT KNOW
IS THAT DEANGELO
IS LARGELY CREDITED
FOR CONVINCING THE NFL
TO LET ALL PLAYERS WEAR PINK
DURING THE MONTH OF OCTOBER
FOR BREAST CANCER AWARENESS.
- THAT'S AWESOME.
- MY GRANDFATHER HAD
FIVE DAUGHTERS.
ALL FIVE OF THOSE DAUGHTERS DIED
OF BREAST CANCER,
INCLUDING MY MOM.
- WOW.
- BREAST CANCER HAS AFFECTED ME
TO MY CORE.
AND I'LL NEVER FORGET THE LOSS
OF FAMILY MEMBERS,
BUT IT ALSO ALLOWED ME
TO USE A PLATFORM THAT I HAVE
IN THE NATIONAL FOOTBALL LEAGUE
TO BRING AWARENESS
ALL OVER THE COUNTRY.
BREAST CANCER PICKED A FIGHT
WITH A FAMILY
THAT'S WILLING TO FIGHT BACK.
- FOR TODAY'S FLASH CHALLENGE,
YOU MUST DESIGN A TATTOO
FOR DEANGELO
IN HONOR OF HIS FAMILY.
HERE'S THE CATCH:
DEANGELO WANTS HIS TATTOO DRAWN
DIRECTLY ON THE SKIN
WITHOUT USING A STENCIL.
- FREEHANDING IS THE BEST WAY
TO GET THE PLACEMENT PERFECT
WITH YOUR CANVAS.
THAT WAY, IT'LL FLOW
WITH THE BODY
AND WILL LOOK AS NATURAL
AS POSSIBLE.
- YOU WILL BE RANDOMLY ASSIGNED
A BODY DOUBLE CANVAS.
YOU MUST FREEHAND
A CUSTOM DESIGN FOR DEANGELO
ON YOUR BODY DOUBLE
DEMONSTRATING PERFECT PLACEMENT.
IF DEANGELO SELECTS
ONE OF YOUR DESIGNS,
THAT ARTIST WILL THEN
FREEHAND IT DIRECTLY
ONTO DEANGELO'S SKIN.
AT THAT POINT,
DEANGELO WILL HAVE TO DECIDE
IF HE WANTS THE DESIGN
PERMANENTLY TATTOOED
OR NOT.
IF NONE OF YOU NAIL IT
AND NO ONE TATTOOS DEANGELO,
THERE WILL BE NO WINNER
FOR THIS FLASH CHALLENGE.
- I GOT A LOT OF PRESSURE
RIGHT NOW.
IF DEANGELO PICKS MY DESIGN,
BUT THEN DOESN'T LET ME TATTOO
HIM,
THAT WOULD SUCK.
- YOU HAVE 30 MINUTES TO CONSULT
WITH DEANGELO AS A GROUP.
THEN YOU WILL HAVE ONE HOUR
TO FREEHAND YOUR DESIGN
ONTO YOUR BODY DOUBLE.
AND YOUR TIME STARTS...
NOW.
- TODAY I WANT THE ARTIST
TO DRAW DIRECTLY ON ME
BECAUSE I'LL KNOW THAT THE PIECE
IS JUST FOR ME.
IT'D TAKE A REAL ARTIST
TO JUST SAY,
"HEY, I DON'T NEED A STENCIL.
"I'M JUST GONNA GO
WITH MY VISION OF YOUR STORY
AND GIVE YOU SOMETHING."
WHAT UP, GUYS?
- WHAT'S GOING ON, MAN?
- SO JUST GIVING YOU
A BACKGROUND,
MY MOM DIED ON THE 16TH OF MAY.
SHE WAS DEFINITELY A WARRIOR
FOR THIS DISEASE
AND A FIGHTER.
I KIND OF WANT SOMETHING
THAT ENTAILS THAT STORY.
- DID YOU HAVE ANY VISION
IN YOUR HEAD?
AT LEAST WE HAVE A DIRECTION
TO GO OFF OF?
- I'M LOOKING FOR SOMETHING
UNIQUE.
WHEN I SEE IT,
THAT'S IT.
THAT'S WHAT I CAME HERE FOR.
- WELL, THANKS FOR MAKING IT
EASY ON US.
- DEANGELO'S BEING VERY VAGUE
RIGHT NOW.
BUT SOMETIMES PEOPLE DON'T COME
TO YOU WITH AN EXACT IDEA
OF WHAT THEY WANT,
AND YOU KNOW WHAT?
IT'S MY JOB AS AN ARTIST
TO LEAD THEM DOWN A PATH
THAT'S GONNA GIVE THEM
A GREAT TATTOO.
- YOU MAKE IT FROM YOUR HEART.
IT'LL TRANSLATE OVER TO MINE.
- AWESOME.
- ALL RIGHT.
GOOD LUCK.
- DEANGELO HAS A VERY EMOTIONAL,
PERSONAL STORY
ABOUT WHAT HE WANTS
HIS TATTOO TO BE.
THESE ARTISTS HAVE A LOT
OF PRESSURE ON THEM.
THEY NEED TO PAY ATTENTION
TO PLACEMENT,
DRAW IT ON THE SPOT,
AND MAKE IT FLOW
WITH THE BODY REALLY NICE.
- AARON.
NICE TO MEET YOU.
- I'M GONNA KEEP THIS SIMPLE,
READABLE, AND SUPER EASY
TO UNDERSTAND.
- WHAT WE GOT GOING ON TODAY?
- A SIMPLISTIC FLOWER DESIGN--
THINKING OF THE ROSE KIND
OF LIKE--
A FEW PETALS HAVE FALLEN OFF.
BUT THE FLOWER'S STILL ALIVE
AND STRONG.
- AARON'S DOING ANOTHER ROSE
YET AGAIN.
I DON'T KNOW WHERE HE THINKS
THAT HE CAN DO GOOD ROSES,
BECAUSE HE GETS RIPPED APART
EACH ROSE THAT HE DOES.
- I ADAPT TO ANY SITUATION.
I GET THAT EVERY CHALLENGE
IS NOT MY FORTE,
BUT I'M STILL GOOD AT IT.
THIS FREEHAND CHALLENGE IS GONNA
SEPARATE THE MEN FROM THE BOYS.
SOME OF THESE GUYS COULDN'T DRAW
TO SAVE THEIR LIVES.
HE'S GONNA COME OVER,
AND HE'LL BE LIKE,
"OH, THAT'S AWESOME."
NOTHING CAN STOP ME.
I'M TAKING THIS TO THE END.
- YOU HAVE 45 MINUTES.
- YOU CAN DO SO MUCH MORE
THAN JUST WRITE SOMEBODY'S NAME.
YOU CAN DO SOMETHING
THAT'S SYMBOLIC.
I HAVE TO MAKE THIS DESIGN FLOW
PERFECTLY ON DEANGELO'S BODY
BECAUSE IF I DON'T,
I'M NOT GONNA BE TATTOOING
TODAY.
I NEED TO WIN THIS FLASH
CHALLENGE
BECAUSE THERE'S ONLY
SEVEN OF US LEFT,
AND WHATEVER ADVANTAGE I CAN
GAIN, I WANT.
A KOI FISH SWIMS UPSTREAM
AGAINST THE CURRENT.
IT'S ONE OF THE MOST POWERFUL
SYMBOLS IN JAPANESE TATTOOING.
- I ALWAYS THOUGHT
WINGS ARE STRONG
AND THEN, LIKE, HE'S
THE STRENGTH OF THE FAMILY.
SO I THINK THAT'S
A PRETTY COOL IDEA.
LAST WEEK, I WAS IN THE BOTTOM
IN THIS COMPETITION.
I'M GOING BIG AND BOLD
BECAUSE I KNOW I NEED TO GET
BACK IN THIS GAME.
- 15 MINUTES REMAIN.
- ALREADY SWEATING
ON YOUR CANVAS?
- YEAH, I TRY NOT TO.
THAT'S RUDE AND DISGUSTING.
- I'M DRIPPING RIGHT ON HIM.
DRAWING DIRECTLY ON MY CANVAS
IN THIS KIND OF HEAT
JUST MAKES ME FEEL AT HOME.
FOR ME, IT'S JUST ANOTHER DAY
AT THE BEACH.
YOU KNOW, IT'S THIS KIND OF
POLYNESIAN TRIBAL ON THAT ARM,
SO IT'S IMPORTANT TO WORK WITH
STUFF THAT YOU ALREADY HAVE
TO MAKE IT ALL FLOW.
- FIVE, FOUR,
THREE, TWO,
ONE.
TIME'S UP.
- HEY, MAN, IF YOU HAVE
ONE GOOD, STRONG WING,
THAT'S ALL YOU NEED, RIGHT?
- WE SAT THERE FOR AN HOUR,
AND JASON CAME UP WITH A WING.
WHAT THE HELL DOES A WING HAVE
TO DO WITH CANCER RIBBON
AND HIS FAMILY'S STRUGGLE?
NOTHING.
- DON.
- YOU SAID YOUR FAMILY
WERE FIGHTERS,
SO I PUT BOXING GLOVES,
I PUT "THRIVE" DOWN THE BACK
OF HIS ARM.
- I THINK THE BOXING GLOVES MAY
NOT APPEAL TO YOU, DEANGELO.
YOU'RE NOT A BOXER.
- THE "THRIVE," I THINK,
WAS A LITTLE BIT AGGRESSIVE.
IT'S KIND OF BIG.
- THE PLACEMENT ON THIS
IS JUST VERY STIFF.
- ERIK.
- I'M KNOWN
FOR MY JAPANESE ARTWORK,
SO I FIGURED TO DO SOMETHING
A LITTLE BIT MORE SYMBOLIC.
- I DON'T KNOW MUCH
ABOUT THE JAPANESE ART.
WHERE I'M FROM, THEY'D PROBABLY
THINK IT WAS A CATFISH.
- APPEALING TO THIS CLIENT,
HE HAS A SPECIFIC DIRECTION,
AND IN ORDER TO WIN
OVER HIS SENSIBILITIES,
YOU HAVE TO DRAW TOWARDS THAT.
- MARK.
- THIS IS YOUR STRENGTH,
THE SPEAR.
THIS MAKES UP A SHAPE
OF THE CANCER RIBBON.
THE THATCH-WORK REPRESENTS
TAKING CARE OF YOUR FAMILY
AND PROTECTING YOUR FAMILY.
- I REALLY APPRECIATE THE FACT
THAT YOU PUT
EVERYTHING THAT I SAID
INTO YOUR ART.
- I THINK WORKING WITH THE SHAPE
OF THE ARM HERE
SHOWS THAT YOU REALLY PUT A LOT
OF THOUGHT INTO THE PLACEMENT
OF THIS TATTOO.
I THINK IT'S VERY NICE.
- CRIS.
- IT'S PLAIN, IT DOESN'T
HAVE THAT WOW FACTOR.
I THINK YOU WENT SAFE AS OPPOSED
TO GOING FOR IT ALL.
- IT'S VERY STIFF AND STAGNANT.
YOU HEARD IT FROM THE CLIENT
HIMSELF.
- CRIS DID A CANCER RIBBON
WITH WINGS.
IT DOESN'T GET ANY MORE GENERIC
THAN THAT.
WHEN THERE'S BIG CHALLENGE
IN FRONT OF HIM,
CRIS SEEMS TO JUST GIVE UP.
- CLEEN.
- I LIKE THE WAY THIS DESIGN
IS PLACED
BECAUSE THE FOCAL POINT
IS UP AND OUTWARD,
AND THAT'S THE FIRST RULE
IN WHERE YOU'RE GONNA PUT
SOMETHING ON THE BODY.
- I LIKE THE CONCEPT BEHIND IT.
YOU ENCOMPASSED EVERYTHING
THAT I SAID.
- AARON.
- I JUST WANTED TO DO A REALLY
NICE, CLEAN,
STRONG, POWERFUL ROSE.
- THIS BEING A PLACEMENT
CHALLENGE,
I FEEL LIKE YOU DIDN'T REALLY DO
ANYTHING DYNAMIC
TO WORK WITH THE SHAPE
OF THE BODY.
IT'S KIND OF JUST STANDING
ON THE STICK THERE
RIGHT THERE
ON THE TOP OF THE ARM.
- YOU PLAYED IT REAL SAFE
AND GENERIC.
- JASON.
- THE BEST STATEMENTS ARE MADE
WITH SIMPLICITY.
- BUT IT DOESN'T NECESSARILY FIT
THE STORY THAT I TALKED ABOUT.
I FEEL LIKE WITH AN HOUR
AND WHAT YOU GUYS HEARD FROM ME,
IT SHOULD HAVE HELPED YOU GUYS
JUST GO ALL OR NOTHING.
- HE'S LOOKING
FOR THAT WOW FACTOR.
THERE IS A LOT OF MISSED
OPPORTUNITIES
TO REALLY SHOW OFF.
- TODAY WE'RE TESTING PLACEMENT
WITH FREEHANDED TATTOOS.
IS THERE ANYBODY AS AN ARTIST
THAT SPOKE TO YOU?
- POSSIBLY CLEEN.
I KIND OF LIKED HIS CONCEPT.
- FROM A DISTANCE, IT'S STRONG.
IT'S A LEGIBLE DESIGN.
IT'S KIND OF A REPRESENTATION
OF DIFFERENT THINGS YOU COULD DO
TO FILL UP THE ARM.
- THE ONLY PROBLEMS IS
I FEEL LIKE
EVERYBODY THAT EVER LOST ANYBODY
HAS THAT TATTOO.
AND IT DOESN'T BELONG TO ME.
AS OPPOSED TO MARK--
I LIKE THE THOUGHT
THAT HE PUT INTO IT
AND THE FACT THAT HE TOOK
SOME OF THE IDEAS
FROM THE ONE SLEEVE
THAT I HAVE HERE
AND PUT IT INTO HIS IDEAS.
- I THINK HIS WOW FACTOR
TO YOU IS,
"HEY, MAN, I'M HANGING
ON EVERY WORD YOU SAY.
I CAN MAKE ALL THIS HAPPEN."
AS FAR AS PLACEMENT GOES,
MARK DID THE SWIRL ON THE ELBOW.
HE USED THE BICEPS.
HE USED THIS SPACE OF THE ARM
TO ACTUALLY SHOW A NICE CURVE.
- I MEAN, I THINK THE TWO
OF THEM ARE CONTENDERS.
DO WE HAVE A DECISION?
- YEAH, I HAVE A DECISION.
- LET'S LET 'EM KNOW.
TODAY YOU HAD TO FREEHAND
A TATTOO DESIGN
IN HONOR OF DEANGELO'S FAMILY
ON A BODY DOUBLE.
- I'M ONE OF THE FEW CLIENTS
THAT WALKED IN AND SIT DOWN
AND SAID,
"HEY, MAN, I WANT A TATTOO,
AND I DON'T KNOW WHAT I WANT."
THERE WERE A COUPLE OF PEOPLE
THAT STOOD OUT.
- HAVE YOU DECIDED
THAT THERE'S AN ARTIST
THAT YOU WOULD LIKE
TO COLLABORATE WITH?
- YEAH.
I'M GONNA CHOOSE CLEEN.
- CLEEN, CONGRATULATIONS.
- THANK YOU.
YOU NOW HAVE ONE MORE HOUR
TO WORK DIRECTLY WITH DEANGELO,
TAILORING YOUR DESIGN
TO DEANGELO'S FOREARM
AND MAKING ANY CHANGES
HE WISHES.
IF, AT THE END OF THAT HOUR,
DEANGELO DECIDES THAT
HE WANTS YOU TO TATTOO HIM,
THEN YOU HAVE WON
THE FLASH CHALLENGE.
IF DEANGELO DECIDES THAT HE DOES
NOT LIKE WHAT YOU'VE DRAWN
AND NO INK GOES ON HIS SKIN,
THEN WE HAVE NO WINNER.
- I REALLY WANT TO WIN
THIS FLASH CHALLENGE.
I NEED TO BUST OUT ALL THE STOPS
AND GIVE THIS GUY
EXACTLY WHAT HE WANTS.
IF DEANGELO DOESN'T GET
TATTOOED,
I'M GONNA BE PISSED.
- HEAD BACK TO THE SHOP
AND GET TO WORK.
- SO DID YOU TATTOO OR DIDN'T?
- I'M FEELING SO STRESSED OUT
RIGHT NOW.
- NO PRESSURE, RIGHT?
- YOU STILL HEAR ME?
[bleep].
SHE'S PASSED OUT.
- HELLO, MAN.
- HEY, WHAT'S GOING ON, MAN?
- SO LET'S SIT DOWN
AND TALK.
- ALL RIGHT, NO PRESSURE,
RIGHT?
[laughs]
- IF I DON'T TATTOO DEANGELO
WILLIAMS RIGHT NOW,
I'M GONNA BE PISSED.
I NEED TO WIN THIS FLASH
CHALLENGE
TO GET THE NEXT SKULL PICK.
WHAT'S ONE MAIN IMAGE
THAT YOU REALLY WANT TO SEE?
- I DOESN'T NECESSARILY
HAVE TO BE PICTURES.
OR IT DOESN'T NECESSARILY
HAVE TO BE WORDS.
I'M LEANING MORE TOWARDS
ARTWORK.
- HMM.
I'M FEELING SO STRESSED OUT
RIGHT NOW.
I'M GONNA DRAW DIRECTLY
ON THE SKIN
TO GIVE DEANGELO SOME IDEAS,
BUT HONESTLY,
HE'S NOT GIVING ME NOTHING.
ALL RIGHT, MAN.
THAT'S IT.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
- YOU KNOW,
I'M GONNA HAVE TO SAY...
LET'S DO IT.
- AWESOME. RIGHT ON.
- STRAIGHT FROM THE FLASH
CHALLENGE, MAN.
THANKS.
- THAT'S WHAT I WANT TO HEAR,
MAN.
- AWESOME PIECE.
I REALLY APPRECIATE YOU TAKING
EVERYTHING
THAT I SAID IN CONSIDERATION
AND PUTTING IT INTO THIS TATTOO.
YOU SEE LOVE,
YOU SEE HOPE,
YOU SEE THE BREAST CANCER
RIBBON.
YOU HONORED MY FAMILY
WITH THE OLIVE LEAF.
IT'S PERFECT.
- AWESOME.
- GUESS I'LL PUT IN THE PAIN.
- HERE WE GO.
- GUESS IT'S OFFICIAL NOW.
- AFTER THROWING OUT
SO MANY IDEAS,
IT'S SO GRATIFYING THAT HE IS
FINALLY GONNA GET A TATTOO
THAT REALLY HONORED HIS MOM
AND FAMILY.
- I REALLY LOVE THIS PARTICULAR
TATTOO.
IT REPRESENTS EVERYTHING
THAT I WANT MY TATTOO TO SAY
ABOUT ME AND WHAT I'VE GONE
THROUGH IN MY LIFE.
IT'S BEAUTIFUL.
I'LL NEVER FORGET THIS,
AND I'MA CONTINUE FIGHTING
THIS DISEASE
FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE.
THANKS, MAN.
- THANK YOU.
- YOU KNOW HOW CLEEN IS AND
HOW HE WORKS WITH HIS CANVASES.
HE'S GOOD.
BUT HOW MANY OF US THINK
HE ACTUALLY GOT HIM IN A CHAIR?
- I'M SPLIT.
I JUST DON'T KNOW.
I MEAN, OH, MAN,
THE SUSPENSE, MAN.
I JUST--I WANT TO KNOW
WHAT HAPPENED.
- YEAH.
THERE HE IS.
- OH, [bleep].
- HOW'D IT GO?
TELL US A TALE.
- HOW'D IT GO, DUDE?
- LONG DAY.
- WOW.
[sighs]
- SO DID YOU TATTOO
OR DIDN'T?
- YEAH, I DID.
- YOU GOT IT.
- OH!
- OH, DUDE.
- NO [bleep] WAY.
- IT'S ABOUT TIME.
ALL THESE GUYS KEEP RUNNING
AROUND SAYING,
"OOH, I WON A FLASH CHALLENGE.
I WON A FLASH CHALLENGE."
WELL, YOU KNOW WHAT?
NOW THAT I GOT THIS FLASH
CHALLENGE,
I'M GONNA BE RUTHLESS.
I DON'T KNOW HOW EITHER
OF YOU TWO ARE STILL HERE.
YOU GUYS ARE THE LOW GUYS
ON THE TOTEM POLE RIGHT NOW.
I'M JUST GONNA GIVE YOU
A HARD CANVAS,
SO YOU CAN PUT UP
OR SHUT UP.
- THEN WE'LL PROVE YOU WRONG.
THAT'S IT.
THAT'S THE ONLY THING
WE CAN DO.
- I'M DEFINITELY GONNA GIVE YOU
SOMETHING
THAT'S GONNA MAKE YOU HAVE
TO WORK FOR YOUR POSITION HERE.
- THEN GO AHEAD.
I'M NOT GONNA KISS YOUR ASS TO
TRY TO GET A BETTER SKULL PICK.
BUT IT'S EASY TO GO
AFTER THE BOTTOM GUYS.
WHY WOULD YOU NOT GO
AFTER THE TOP
AND TRY TO PROVE THAT WHOEVER'S
ON THE TOP
DESERVES TO BE ON THE TOP?
- YOU GUYS HAVE BEEN SKATING BY,
AND YOU'RE EITHER GONNA
SHUT ME UP,
OR YOU'RE GOING [bleep] HOME.
- WELCOME
TO THE ELIMINATION TATTOO.
SURVIVE THIS TATTOO,
AND YOU'LL BE ONE STEP CLOSER
TO $100,000,
A FEATURE IN  INKED MAGAZINE,
AND THE TITLE OF INK MASTER.
YOU'LL BE JUDGED BY OLIVER PECK,
CHRIS NUNEZ,
DEANGELO WILLIAMS,
AND MYSELF.
BUT WE'RE NOT YOUR ONLY CRITICS.
EACH WEEK, YOU'LL ALSO BE JUDGED
BY AMERICA.
VIEWERS AT HOME WILL
SCOUR EVERY DETAIL
OF YOUR ELIMINATION TATTOOS
AT INKMASTER.SPIKE.COM
AND VOTE FOR THE TATTOO
THAT THEY THINK IS THE BEST.
AMERICA'S VOTE WILL HAVE
A MASSIVE IMPACT
AT THE LIVE FINALE.
THIS WEEK,
WE'RE TESTING PLACEMENT.
- PLACEMENT IS SO IMPORTANT
IN TATTOOING.
AN IMAGE THAT DOESN'T FLOW WELL
WITH THE BODY RUINS EVERYTHING.
- IN EVERY ELIMINATION TATTOO,
YOU WILL ALWAYS BE TATTOOING
HEAD-TO-HEAD
WITH AT LEAST ONE OTHER ARTIST.
TODAY YOU MUST ALL TATTOO
THE SAME SUBJECT
ON THE SAME BODY PART.
- WHAT?
- YOU MUST TATTOO A SKULL...
ON YOUR CANVAS' HEAD.
- OH, MAN.
- WHAT THE [bleep]?
- I KNOW FROM FIRSTHAND
EXPERIENCE,
GETTING YOUR HEAD TATTOOED
IS NO FUN.
IT'S CRAZY, DUDE.
- I JUST HOPE THESE CANVASES
ARE PREPARED
TO GO THROUGH SOME PAIN.
- SOMEBODY'S GONNA HAVE
A HEADACHE.
- THE SURFACE OF THE HEAD
IS ROUND AND IRREGULARLY SHAPED.
A SKULL IS ONE OF
THE MOST ICONIC TATTOO DESIGNS,
BUT MAKING IT FLOW
AND FIT WITH THE CONTOURS
OF THE HEAD
IS A TRUE TEST
OF YOUR PLACEMENT SKILLS.
- PROPER PLACEMENT ON A SKULL
IS SO DIFFICULT
BECAUSE IT'S LIKE TATTOOING
ON A BOWL.
THERE'S CURVES THIS WAY,
THERE ARE CURVES THAT WAY.
- LET'S MEET YOUR CANVASES.
- CLEEN,
YOU WON THE FLASH CHALLENGE.
YOU NOW HAVE THE POWER
TO ASSIGN ALL HUMAN CANVASES.
- ALL RIGHT.
I DON'T FEEL LIKE I SHOULD HAVE
TO COMPETE WITH ARTISTS
THAT AREN'T UP TO MY LEVEL.
WE GOT TO GET THESE WEAKLINGS
OUT OF HERE.
YOU'RE LOOKING TO GET A SKULL
ON THE TOP OF YOUR HEAD.
- VERY EVIL, SICK, DEMONIC
SKULL.
- I KNOW CLEEN IS GUNNING FOR ME
WITH THIS SKULL PICK.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
BRING IT ON.
- I WANT SOMETHING SICK.
I WANT PEOPLE TO LOOK AT IT
AND BE LIKE,
"WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU, BOY?"
- OKAY.
- I WANTED TO GET FLOWERS
AND PEARLS WITH IT.
SHE'S A VERY PETITE GIRL, AND
SHE DOESN'T HAVE MANY TATTOOS.
I DON'T EVEN KNOW IF SHE'S GONNA
BE ABLE TO TAKE IT.
- SKULL FRAGMENTS
WITH LOTS OF GEMS
AND, LIKE, JEWELS AND STUFF.
- ALL THE GEOMETRICAL SHAPES
AND THE GEMS ON A ROUND SURFACE?
THAT IS GONNA BE A PAIN
IN THE ASS.
- OKAY.
LET'S SEE HERE.
- CLEEN'S GONNA TRY TO KNOCK ME
OUT OF HERE,
BUT IT DOESN'T REALLY MATTER
WHAT CANVAS CLEEN GIVES ME.
I'M READY TO BLOW
THIS OUT OF THE WATER.
- THAT WAS PRETTY TOUGH.
I FELT LIKE I COULD DO
ALL OF THEM PRETTY WELL.
- CANVASES,
ONE BY ONE,
PLEASE READ THE ARTIST'S NAME
ON THE BOTTOM OF YOUR SKULL.
- JASON.
- ERIK.
- MARK.
- CRIS.
- CLEEN TRIED TO SCREW ME OVER,
BUT HE GAVE ME THE CANVAS
THAT I WANTED THE MOST.
THIS IS THE PERFECT OPPORTUNITY
FOR ME TO SHOW
WHERE I STAND
AMONGST THE TOP GUYS.
- AARON.
- RIGHT HERE.
- DON.
- ME.
- CLEEN ROCK ONE.
- MY CANVAS IS DOWN
FOR ANYTHING.
SO I WANT TO REALLY FLEX
SOME SKILLS
AND SHOW THESE GUYS
THAT I'M TOP DOG HERE.
- REMEMBER, GUYS,
AFTER THE ELIMINATION TATTOO,
THE HUMAN CANVAS JURY
WILL VOTE ON THE TATTOO
THAT THEY THINK IS THE WORST
AND PUT ONE ARTIST UP
FOR ELIMINATION.
YOU'LL HAVE FIVE HOURS
TO TATTOO A SKULL ON A SKULL.
BASED ON YOUR WORK,
ONE OF YOU WILL CLOSE SHOP.
GOOD LUCK.
- TATTOOING A SKULL IS SOMETHING
EVERYBODY SHOULD EXCEL AT.
IT'S ICONIC IMAGERY.
- WHAT'S UP?
- HOW'S IT GOING, MAN?
- AARON.
- TATTOOING ON THE HEAD
IS GONNA BE
THE TRICKIEST PART OF THIS.
IF YOU MAKE A MISTAKE,
IT REALLY SHOWS.
- I'VE BEEN WAITING
TO DO MY HEAD.
- I'VE DONE A BUNCH
OF HEAD TATTOOS.
THAT'S NOT A PROBLEM.
- THE SKULL AND ROSE IS A...
OBSCENELY COMMON IMAGERY.
THE JUDGES HAVE OFFICIALLY
DEEMED ROSES AS A SAFE PLAY
ON ANY [bleep] TATTOO.
I'M IMAGINING SOMETHING
A LITTLE BIT MORE DRASTIC
AND LITTLE BIT MORE EXTREME--
JUST BANG.
I HAVE TO DO SOME
KNOCK-YOUR-SOCKS-OFF [bleep]
WITH THIS ONE.
- WHERE DO YOU WANT THE TATTOO
TO BE?
- RIGHT IN THE BACK OF THE HEAD.
- WELL, THE PROBLEM IS
YOU HAVE A RIDGE RIGHT HERE.
MY CANVAS HAS A HUGE ROLL
IN THE BACK OF HIS NECK,
AND THAT'S GONNA MAKE IT REALLY
DIFFICULT FOR ME
TO LINE UP THE SKULL.
SO IF I COULD PUT SOMEHOW
THE BRIDGE AND A NOSE ON THAT--
PLACEMENT IS EVERYTHING TODAY.
I HAVE TO SOMEHOW FIT THE ROLL
INTO MY DESIGN.
SO ARE YOU COOL IF WE DO, LIKE,
HERE, UP.
- I WOULD LIKE THE WHOLE SKULL.
- IT'S GONNA BE A LOT TOUGHER
THAN I THOUGHT.
- THINK I SHOULD GO BIGGER
WITH THIS?
LOOK AT IT ON THE BACK
OF MY HEAD.
- YEAH, THAT TAKES UP, LIKE,
THE WHOLE BACK OF YOUR HEAD.
- YEAH.
IN THE BACK OF MY MIND,
I KNOW SOMETHING'S OFF
ABOUT THIS DESIGN.
I CAN'T PINPOINT IT.
I DON'T KNOW WHY
FOR THE LIFE OF ME,
BUT IT'S MAKING ME CRAZY.
IT WOULD LOOK FUNNY
IF IT WRAPPED TOO MUCH
ON THE TOP OF HIS HEAD.
LIKE, IT'S GOT TO BE
JUST A STRAIGHT-ON HEAD SHOT
BACK THERE, DON'T YOU THINK?
- UM...
JASON'S ALL FRAZZLED
ON HIS CRAPPY DESIGN.
AND GUESS WHAT.
IT'S GONNA LOOK LIKE CRAP
NO MATTER WHAT,
AND THAT'S NOT MY PROBLEM.
- ARTISTS, YOU HAVE FIVE HOURS
TO TATTOO A SKULL
ON A SKULL.
YOUR TIME...
BEGINS...
NOW.
- WOW!
- ALL RIGHT, LET'S DO THIS.
- LET'S GO, MAN.
LET'S DO THIS.
- WHAT I'M LOOKING FOR TODAY
IN THIS CHALLENGE
IS BADASS TATTOOS.
THE ONE THING ABOUT A TATTOO
PLACEMENT BEING ON THE HEAD,
THIS IS A VERY PROMINENT AREA
OF SKIN FOR THEM TO DISPLAY.
IF IT'S A LITTLE BIT OFF,
IT SHOWS.
WE'RE GONNA SEE WHO'S DOING
SOLID TATTOOS
AND WHO'S NOT.
- ALL RIGHT, MAN, ANY TIME YOU
NEED TO STOP OR TAKE A BREAK
OR ANYTHING, JUST LET ME KNOW.
- MENTALLY READY FOR THIS,
RIGHT?
- YES.
- ALL RIGHT, WHATEVER YOU DO,
JUST DON'T MOVE.
[tattoo gun buzzing]
- OKAY, DUDE.
[bleep] IT.
LET'S TATTOO, MAN.
I'M REALLY FEELING THE PRESSURE
OF THIS COMPETITION.
I AM NOT READY TO GO HOME.
I DON'T GIVE A [bleep].
IF I'M GOING DOWNWARD SPIRAL,
I'M GONNA GO RIGHT BACK
THE [bleep] UP,
AND I'M GONNA WIN.
FORGIVE ME IF I DON'T TALK
TOO MUCH, DUDE.
I'M TRYING TO WIN.
I'M GONNA PROVE TO EVERYONE
THAT JASON CLAY DUNN IS HERE
TO BATTLE.
I CAN DO THIS.
HOW'S THAT, BRO?
[tattoo gun buzzing]
- DOING ALL RIGHT?
- YEAH, MAN.
I JUST KEEP TELLING MYSELF
I'M A BADASS.
- I'VE HONESTLY, LIKE,
NOT TATTOOED A LOT OF HEADS.
I'M FULLY FOCUSED ON THE TATTOO.
I CAN'T AFFORD TO LET ANYONE
OR ANYTHING
GET IN MY HEAD RIGHT NOW.
- IT'S ABOUT TIME YOU DID
SOME GOOD TATTOO WORK.
- I'M TRYING, MAN.
I'M TRYING, MAN.
I DODGED A BULLET LAST WEEK.
- YOU CONTINUALLY
STILL MAKE CHOICES
THAT ARE SETTING YOURSELF UP
FOR FAILURE.
- IT WAS JUST A POOR DESIGN
CHOICE,
AND I TAKE FULL RESPONSIBILITY
FOR THAT.
I CAN COMPETE WITH
THE TOP GUYS HERE.
- YOU DEFINITELY NEED A WIN,
MAN.
- I'M HERE TO PROVE
THAT I AM A GOOD TATTOO ARTIST,
AND I KNOW WHAT I'M DOING.
- THREE MORE HOURS, GUYS.
- YEAH, THAT TOP'S A [bleep].
- [laughs]
WHOO, YES, IT IS.
[tattoo gun buzzing]
- [groans]
[bleep] MY LIFE.
- ONLY THING I'M REALLY WORRIED
ABOUT IN THIS ENTIRE CHALLENGE
IS WHETHER OR NOT MY CANVAS
CAN SIT FOR THE TATTOO.
- OH, I WON'T PASS OUT.
- SHE'S REALLY IN PAIN.
- WHY WOULD I GIVE UP?
- THERE IS NO WAY IN HELL
I'M GOING HOME
BECAUSE OF MY CANVAS.
YOU FEELING OKAY?
- MY EAR HURTS.
- TWO HOURS TO GO.
- SOMEBODY'S FINALLY
STARTING TO FEEL IT.
- GOD...
DAMN.
- THE TATTOO'S COMING OUT
BETTER THAN I EXPECTED,
AND THE COLORS ARE REALLY
POPPING AGAINST HIS SKIN.
MY BIGGEST MOTIVATION
IS MY THREE KIDS.
MY FAMILY IS EVERYTHING TO ME.
I PLAN ON COMING HOME
AND HUGGING THEM
WITH A BIG CHECK
IN MY BACK POCKET.
- YOU AND ERIK KIND
OF DID THE SAME TATTOO.
YOU GUYS USE THE SAME STENCIL?
- DOESN'T EVEN MATTER
IF DON LOOKED AT MY DESIGN,
'CAUSE I KNOW HE'S NOT GONNA BE
ABLE TO EXECUTE IT
NEARLY AS CLEANLY AS I DO.
DON JUST SIGNED
HIS OWN DEATH WARRANT
BY DOING THIS TATTOO.
IT JUST LOOKS LIKE [bleep].
- I'M STOKED.
YOU'RE GONNA LOVE IT.
- UGH.
- FEEL OKAY?
- MM.
- CAN YOU STILL HEAR ME?
- [bleep].
SHE'S PASSED OUT.
MY CANVAS GOES OUT COLD.
I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT'S GOING ON.
- HOW'S MY VOICE SOUND
TO YOU?
CLEAR?
- NO.
- OKAY.
JUST CHECKING
YOUR BLOOD PRESSURE.
- IF I CAN'T GET THE BELLS
AND WHISTLES ON THIS THING,
AND I CAN'T FINISH,
I'M TOTALLY SCREWED.
- IT JUST HAPPENED
OUT OF NOWHERE.
- SHE'LL PROBABLY BE ALL RIGHT.
- 30 MINUTES REMAINING.
[tattoo gun buzzing]
- YOU ALL RIGHT?
- THERE'S BEEN WORSE.
- MOTHER[bleep] HURT.
NO, YOU'RE GOOD, MAN.
IT'S NEEDLES.
IT'S GONNA HURT.
- WE'RE DOWN TO SEVEN ARTISTS.
THE STAKES ARE HIGH RIGHT NOW.
I'M GONNA BRING
ALL OF MY ABILITIES,
AND I'M GONNA STAY SO FOCUSED
THAT THERE'S NO STOPPING ME.
- FOR MY OWN PERSONAL SELFISH
REASONS,
I WANT YOU TO HAVE
THE BEST TATTOO TODAY.
GOD, I JUST WANT TO WIN.
- OW.
- WE'RE GETTING CLOSE.
- TEN, NINE,
EIGHT, SEVEN,
SIX, FIVE,
FOUR, THREE,
TWO,
ONE.
THAT'S IT.
TIME'S UP. MACHINES DOWN.
NO MORE TATTOOING.
- ALL RIGHT, MY MAN.
YOU'RE DONE.
- OH, WOW.
- OH, MY GOD.
THAT WAS SO WORTH EVERYTHING.
- YEAH?
- OH, THAT [bleep] IS SICK.
- ALMOST NOT READY FOR IT.
- [laughs] OH, THAT'S INTENSE.
- I DON'T KNOW WHAT JASON'S
THINKING WITH THIS TATTOO,
BUT IT LOOKS LIKE [bleep].
THE PLACEMENT IS REALLY WEIRD.
THE DRAWING IS LACKING.
JASON NEEDS TO PUT HIS BIG BOY
PANTS ON
AND REALLY STEP UP HIS GAME
IF HE WANTS TO STAY IN
THIS COMPETITION.
- I DON'T KNOW WHY
YOU GUYS ARE [bleep] UP.
- EVERYBODY HAS A FALL.
GET READY FOR YOURS TOO.
- YOUR DRAWING IS NOT UP
TO PAR TO WIN THIS THING.
- YOU HAVE BEEN CONSISTENTLY
IN THE BOTTOM THE WHOLE TIME.
- JUST ROUGH.
- HOW CAN YOU BE INK MASTER?
- I DID NOT CARE
FOR JASON'S TATTOO.
- YEAH, JASON'S--I DIDN'T LIKE
THE OVERALL DRAWING AT ALL.
- IT WAS HARD TO READ.
- DEFINITELY,
I THINK HE DROPPED THE BALL.
- WHAT HAPPENED?
- WHAT?
- WHAT'S UP WITH YOUR TATTOO?
- I THOUGHT IT WAS COOL.
- I DON'T KNOW, MAN.
- WELL, WHAT WERE YOU GUYS
TALKING ABOUT?
I MEAN, LIKE,
SOMEBODY SUFFER OR WHAT?
- I THINK WE--WE KIND OF AGREED
THAT YOURS WAS KIND OF
HARD TO READ.
- YEAH, THAT'S GREAT.
SO YOU GUYS WERE SITTING OUT
HERE TALKING [bleep] ABOUT ME.
ALL RIGHT.
SORRY I DIDN'T DO SOME GIANT,
BIG CARTOONY THING
LIKE THE REST OF YOU GUYS,
BUT THAT'S WHAT MY CANVAS
WANTED.
SO I GUESS THE JUDGES WILL HAVE
ANOTHER FIELD DAY ON ME.
- I THINK MAYBE THE STRESS OF
THE HOUSE IS GETTING TO JASON.
HIS ANXIETY IS A WEAKNESS.
YOU FEELING OKAY?
- WELL, MAN,
WHEN I COME IN HERE,
AND YOU ALL ARE TALKING [bleep]
ABOUT MY TATTOO...
- OH.
- [bleep].
[bleep] STUPID.
YOU GUYS ARE JUST TRYING
TO GET IN MY HEAD.
- WHAT'S--WHAT'S GOING ON?
- WHAT?
- WHAT'S THE PROBLEM?
- I DON'T WANT TO SIT HERE
AND JUST HAVING YOU THINK, YOU
KNOW, THAT I'M OUT OF MY MIND
OR SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
IT'S BULL[bleep].
I'M SICK OF THIS.
ALL RIGHT, YOU GUYS ARE
JUST [bleep] WITH ME, MAN.
[bleep].
- TODAY YOU HAD TO TATTOO
A PERFECTLY PLACED SKULL
ON YOUR CANVAS' HEAD.
CLEEN, LET'S START WITH YOU.
- WELL, CLEEN, I LIKE
THE PLACEMENT OF THIS TATTOO.
IT FILLS UP THE WHOLE AREA
AT THE TOP OF THE HEAD.
YOU GOT A LOT OF NICE TONES
AND SHADES,
TO BLACK TO THE BROWN
TO THE BRONZY YELLOW,
I THINK PLAYS REALLY WELL
AGAINST THIS GRAY SHADING
IN THE SKULL.
- I REALLY LIKED THE FACT
THAT YOU TOOK THE TIME
TO ADD ALL KINDS OF DIFFERENT
LITTLE DETAILS
AND INTRICATE DESIGN ELEMENTS.
YOU ADDED SO MUCH TO THIS DESIGN
TO MAKE IT REALLY UNIQUE
AND COOL.
- THANK YOU.
- JASON.
- IT DEFINITELY DOESN'T LOOK
LIKE A SKULL.
IT KIND OF LOOKS
LIKE A LATEX MASK.
- OKAY, I CAN SEE THAT,
BECAUSE A LOT OF THESE OLD
SKULLS, THEY HAD, LIKE, SKIN.
THEY WERE, LIKE, MUMMIFIED.
- THIS HAS TO BE CLEAR.
YOU HAVE TO MAKE THIS STUFF
READABLE.
YOU HAVE A LOT OF AREAS IN THIS
WHERE YOU JUST NEEDED
TO GO A LOT LIGHTER.
THE FOREHEAD'S MORE DEEP SET
THAN THE EYES AND THE NOSE.
AND THIS TATTOO,
FROM A DISTANCE,
IS HARD TO READ.
- AARON.
THESE ROSES ARE VERY STYLIZED.
TELL ME ABOUT THAT.
- THIS WAS RISKY,
AND I KNOW IT WAS,
BUT I DIDN'T WANT TO GO
A TRADITIONAL ROUTE.
- WE'VE SEEN YOU DO SKULLS
LIKE THIS BEFORE,
BUT THIS ONE'S
A LITTLE SMOOTHER.
THE AREAS OF BLACK
ARE REALLY SOLID.
THE GRAY SHADING AREAS
ARE REALLY SOFT,
AND I LOVE THE PLACEMENT.
THE ANGLE OF THE SKULL SITTING
THERE FITS REALLY WELL.
- THE SKULL, I LIKE.
- YOU DON'T LIKE THE ROSES.
- NOT AT ALL.
- I KNEW IT WAS GONNA BE
ONE OF YOU GUYS.
- BETWEEN THE DESIGN
AND THE REALLY SCRATCHY AREAS
OF THE OUTLINE,
IT IS NOT FLATTERING.
AND I'VE SEEN ROSES FROM YOU
THROUGHOUT THIS COMPETITION,
AND I HAVEN'T LIKED ONE.
THIS IS JUST ANOTHER ONE
THAT I DISLIKE.
- DON.
HOW DO YOU FEEL ABOUT
THE CANVAS YOU GOT?
- MY CANVAS WAS
AN ABSOLUTE MANIAC.
HIS MAIN REASON FOR THIS TATTOO
WAS HE WANTED TO PISS PEOPLE
OFF.
- IF HE WANTED, LIKE, BADASS,
I FEEL LIKE ANY OTHER COLOR
BUT GREEN
WOULD HAVE MADE IT STAND OUT.
- WHAT COLOR WOULD
YOU HAVE CHOSE?
- SOMETHING ELSE,
NOT GREEN.
- THE BIG THING FOR ME IS,
YOU HAVE TWO DIFFERENT-LOOKING
TATTOOS.
YOU HAVE ONE THAT'S VERY
TEXTURED
AND ONE THAT'S VERY SMOOTH.
SO YOU HAVE A VERY SLICK SKULL
FROM EYES DOWN
AND VERY TEXTURED SKULL
ON THE TOP.
THAT THROWS YOUR COMPOSITION
AND YOUR DESIGN,
YOUR DRAWING ELEMENT OFF.
YOU GOT TO MAKE ALL THAT STUFF
MATCH.
DON'T DO 50/50.
- ERIK.
- YOU GOT A LOT OF NICE DETAIL.
I THINK IT'S VERY SMOOTH.
I THINK IT'S VERY TOUGH,
VERY EVIL-LOOKING TATTOO.
I LOVE THE CRISP, SHARP AREAS
OF THE HORNS.
AND I THINK THE PLACEMENT
IS GREAT.
- THE EYES ARE THE SINGLE
BEST PART OF THIS TATTOO.
BECAUSE PEOPLE ALWAYS SAY
THAT THEY HAVE EYES IN THE BACK
OF THEIR HEAD.
HE LITERALLY HAS THEM TATTOOED
ON THE BACK OF HIS HEAD.
IT'S A PRETTY SOLID TATTOO.
- MARK.
- IT'S KIND OF JUST A HARSH,
STIFF IMAGE.
THE WAY THIS SKULL AND THIS ROSE
GO TOGETHER,
THE PART WHERE IT CHANGE
IN TO THE FLOWER,
IT JUST DOESN'T REALLY FLOW
AND MAKE A LOT OF SENSE
WITH THE DIRECTION
OF THE REST OF THE ROSE.
IT'S GOT A LITTLE BIT
OF A WEIRD PLACEMENT.
IT LOOKS LIKE IT'S WHISPERING
SOMETHING IN HER EAR.
OR DEPENDING ON WHAT ANGLE
YOU LOOK AT IT FROM,
IT'S KIND OF TUCKED
BEHIND HER EAR A LITTLE BIT.
I KIND OF WISH THERE WAS
A LITTLE MORE SEPARATION THERE.
- I WAS TAKING THAT
INTO CONSIDERATION
WHEN I WAS PUTTING IT ON THERE.
I WAS THINKING MORE
ABOUT HOW GIRLS
LIKE THEIR EARS BIT AND STUFF.
EVERY GIRL LIKES THAT.
- I DON'T MIND THE PLACEMENT.
I THINK IT'S A STRONG DRAWING.
YOU SHADED IT TOUGH.
PURPLE'S ONE OF MY LEAST
FAVORITE COLORS IN TATTOOS,
BUT THIS WEARS WELL ON HER.
JUST BE CLEAR ON YOUR DESIGN,
BECAUSE NOW IT COULD
JUST BE A THING
WHERE I GET OUTVOTED,
AND YOU'RE OUT OF HERE.
- CRIS.
THIS 3/4 VIEW...
- I DIDN'T WANT TO GO
THE FRONT VIEW
JUST BECAUSE, PERSONALLY,
I JUST DON'T LIKE THE WAY
IT LOOKS.
IT'S SO COMMON.
I ALWAYS LOVED THE 3/4-VIEW
SKULL.
- I LIKE THE PLACEMENT.
I THINK IT'S INTERESTING TO HAVE
IT NOT JUST BE STRAIGHT.
VERY FEMININE--
IT HAS A NICE,
BEAUTIFUL TOUCH TO IT.
THE ACTUAL DETAIL IN THE JEWEL
IN THE CENTER
AND THE BEADS AROUND--
I LIKE HOW THEY'RE DARK,
BUT WITH JUST A LITTLE BIT
OF HIGHLIGHT.
ONE OF YOUR SMOOTHEST TATTOOS
SO FAR, MAN.
- THANK YOU.
- ALL RIGHT, GUYS, WHO HAD
THE BEST TATTOO OF THE DAY?
- FOR ME, THE ONE
THAT STANDS OUT BEING
OVERALL THE CLEANEST TATTOO
IS CLEEN'S.
- IF I HAD TO WEAR ONE,
I'D WEAR AARON'S.
IF I HAD TO VOTE ON PLACEMENT,
I'D GO WITH CLEEN.
- I REALLY LIKE ERIK.
I LOVE THE DETAIL
WITH THE HORNS.
IT'S SOLID.
- FINAL ANSWER.
- CLEEN.
- ERIK.
- I'LL GO WITH CLEEN.
WINNER OF BEST TATTOO OF THE DAY
IS CLEEN.
- THIS CHALLENGE, I THINK
EVERYBODY STEPPED UP.
IT'S JUST GETTING TO THAT POINT
TO WHERE LITTLE MISTAKES
ARE GONNA MAKE BIG DIFFERENCES.
I HONESTLY BELIEVE
THAT FROM THIS POINT OUT,
A GOOD TATTOO IS GOING HOME
EVERY TIME.
- THE HUMAN CANVAS JURY
IS DELIBERATING RIGHT NOW,
AND THEIR VOTE WILL PUT
ONE ARTIST UP FOR ELIMINATION.
HEAD BACK TO THE LOFT,
AND WE'LL CALL YOU BACK
WHEN WE HAVE A DECISION.
- LAST TIME I WAS HERE,
I WENT HOME IN SIXTH PLACE.
I FEEL LIKE I NEED TO DO BETTER
THAN THAT
OR WIN THIS DAMN THING.
I WANT TO BE THE INK MASTER.
- NOT EASY ON YOU
IN THAT CRITIQUE.
- [scoffs]
SUCKED.
I ALWAYS SEE MY MISTAKES
BEFORE I GO DOWN THERE,
AND IT SICKENS ME,
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT, DUDE?
I KNOW I DON'T TATTOO LIKE THAT
ALL THE TIME.
- THAT WAS ONE OF MY BIGGEST
PROBLEMS, LIKE,
WHEN I DID THE TATTOOS THAT
I GOT THE WORST CRITIQUES ON
IT WAS LIKE, "[bleep],
I WOULDN'T DO THIS AT HOME."
- THAT'S WHAT I'M SAYING.
- IT'S NOT ANOTHER DAY
AT THE OFFICE.
- THAT'S WHAT I'M SAYING.
THE COMPETITION SETS IN,
AND ALL THESE OTHER ELEMENTS
COME INTO PLAY.
- BASICALLY, I CAN'T--I CAN'T
RELATE WITH YOU GUYS
BECAUSE I DON'T KNOW
WHY YOU HAVE BAD OUTLINING
OR BAD SATURATION.
THOSE ARE THINGS THAT YOU DO
EVERY SINGLE DAY
FOR THE PAST...
HOW MANY YEARS?
- SO WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
THAT WE'RE ALL JUST [bleep]
AROUND HERE?
- I DON'T KNOW WHY YOU GUYS ARE
[bleep] UP OVER STUPID [bleep].
ONCE YOU'RE HERE,
EVERYBODY JUST, LIKE,
FORGETS HOW TO DO EVERYTHING.
YOU'RE, LIKE, "UH, I DON'T KNOW
HOW TO PACK COLOR.
UH, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT I WAS DOING."
- THIS COMPETITION ISN'T
JUST ABOUT TATTOOING.
THIS IS ABOUT MENTAL STATE.
THIS IS ABOUT HOW YOU DEAL
WITH LIVING
WITH ALL THESE DIFFERENT PEOPLE.
- THE TATTOOING PART'S EASY.
- EVERYBODY HAS A FALL...
AND EVERYBODY TRIPS
ONCE IN A WHILE.
GET READY FOR YOURS, TOO,
BECAUSE IT CAN HAPPEN.
- ALL RIGHT, TODAY WE'RE TESTING
PLACEMENT WITH HEAD TATTOOS.
CORRECT ME IF I'M WRONG;
I'M THINKING JASON CLAY DUNN
HAS FOUND HIMSELF
IN THE BOTTOM TODAY.
- YES.
- THESE LITTLE LINES
THAT COME OFF
THE BOTTOM OF THIS TATTOO--
ARE THEY SUPPOSED TO BE
HAIRS OR STRINGS?
ONE THING WE ARE SURE OF IS
THEY ARE [bleep] LITTLE LINES.
- AND ON TOP OF THAT,
IT ACTUALLY LOOKED LIKE
AN UNFINISHED PIECE,
BECAUSE IF YOU LOOK
ACROSS THE FOREHEAD,
IT'S AS IF HE RAN OUT OF TIME.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT HE'S DONE
UP UNTIL THIS POINT,
BUT WHAT I'VE SEEN IS SOMETHING
THAT WOULD HAVE A PERSON
SITTING AT HOME.
- DON HAS FOUND HIMSELF
IN THE BOTTOM TODAY.
- THIS TATTOO JUST HAS A REAL
BUBBLEGUM FEEL FOR ME.
THE FACT THAT IT'S
SATURATED BRIGHT GREEN
AND YELLOW EVERYWHERE--
IT'S JUST ROUGH.
- IF YOU HAVE A TATTOOER
THAT CAN DRAW,
THIS TATTOO COULD BE
COOL AS [bleep].
- DON--HE HAS MAXED OUT.
- LET'S TALK ABOUT
AARON'S TATTOO.
- THE ROSES COME OFF OF THE EAR
AND RUN ONTO
THE SIDE OF THE HEAD.
FOR ME, THAT'S A TERRIBLE SHAPE.
THE ROSES LOOK SO JUVENILE
THAT IT DOESN'T LOOK
PROFESSIONALLY DONE.
IT LOOKS UGLY.
- ALL RIGHT, SO IT SEEMS LIKE
WE'RE ALL ON BOARD HERE
WITH THE SAME DECISION.
all: YEAH.
- WE'RE HERE TO DETERMINE WHO
HAS THE WORST TATTOO OF THE DAY.
- THIS IS MY TATTOO.
MY ARTIST WAS ERIK.
- I DON'T LIKE THE PENTAGRAM.
- WHAT'S WRONG
WITH THE PENTAGRAM?
- IT'S A LITTLE CROOKED UP TOP.
- IT'S NOT SUPPOSED
TO BE PERFECT.
- THAT HARD LINE RIGHT BELOW
THE NOSE CAVITY
LOOKS SLIGHTLY TILTED.
- THOSE LITTLE HORNS AND
THE EYES ARE REALLY CARTOONY,
AND THEN THE REST OF IT
IS JUST DARK AND BLENDED IN.
- IT'S NOT A MASTER QUALITY
TATTOO.
- THAT'S MY TATTOO,
AND MY ARTIST WAS AARON.
- THAT TOP FLOWER,
IT LOOKS LIKE A SPIRAL,
AND IT'S COMING OUT LIKE
HE WAS COLORING OUT OF LINE.
LOOKS LIKE A BIG LOLLIPOP.
- [laughs]
- THERE'S A LOT OF WHITE
IN THE FLOWERS.
- YEAH.
- IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE LIKE THAT.
- THIS IS  INK MASTER...
- RIGHT.
- IT HAS TO BE 110%.
- THAT'S MY TATTOO.
MY ARTIST WAS JASON.
- YEAH, I DON'T LIKE IT, MAN.
I SEE THE CHEEKBONE OVER THERE,
UNDERNEATH THE EYE
IT STICKS OUT MORE.
IT LOOKS LIKE YOU GOT
A ZIPPER IN YOUR NOSE
AND IT'S NOT PORTIONED RIGHT.
- THE SYMMETRY
DOESN'T EXACTLY ADD UP.
- YEAH, IT'S REALLY HARD
TO READ.
- I THINK JASON REALLY
SCREWED THE POOCH.
- HAVE WE REACHED A DECISION?
all: YES.
- I'M GOING DOWN THERE,
BUT I'M NOT LEAVING, DUDE.
I'M GONNA FIGHT EVERY STEP
OF THE [bleep] WAY.
- WE SHALL SEE.
- ALL RIGHT, IN THE BOTTOM...
WE GOT DON
AND JASON.
WE'LL SEE YOU AND EVERYBODY ELSE
DOWNSTAIRS.
- NOW I GOT TO DEAL WITH THIS.
- YOU GUYS READY?
- NO.
- TODAY YOU HAD TO TATTOO
A SKULL ON YOUR CANVAS' SKULL.
JASON AND DON,
ANY ONE OF YOU COULD BE
JUSTIFIABLY ELIMINATED.
JASON, YOU'RE HERE BECAUSE
THE HUMAN CANVAS JURY DETERMINED
THAT YOU HAD THE WORST TATTOO
OF THE DAY.
- THROUGH THE LAYMAN'S EYES
OF ART,
THEY PROBABLY WOULDN'T
UNDERSTAND A DESIGN LIKE THIS.
IF IT'S UNRECOGNIZABLE
TO THEM,
RIGHT AWAY, THEY'RE JUST GONNA
PICK THAT ONE.
- WHETHER IT'S FROM THE CANVAS
POINT OF VIEW
OR FROM THE JUDGES'
POINT OF VIEW,
THIS TATTOO IS HARD TO READ.
- AT THE END OF THE DAY,
YOU PUT BELLS AND WHISTLES
INTO SOMETHING THAT,
QUITE FRANKLY,
SHOULD'VE BEEN SIMPLE.
- I GO UP AND I COME DOWN.
THIS WAS ONE OF MY DOWNS.
I'LL HAVE AN UP.
I HONESTLY FEEL THAT
I'M AS GOOD OR BETTER
THAN ANY OF THESE ARTISTS
SITTING HERE.
- DON.
- YOUR DRAWING IS NOT UP TO PAR
TO WIN THIS THING.
IT DOESN'T SAY THAT YOU KNOW
HOW TO DRAW A SKULL.
HOW TO SHADE A SKULL.
- I MEAN, I THINK...
- THIS DRAWING DOES NOT HAVE--
- I'M ON THE RISE.
- YEAH, BUT--
- I'M ON THE RISE, AND HE HAS
A HISTORY OF DRAWING TATTOOS
THAT YOU CAN'T READ.
- HOLD ON.
THIS--
- THE DRAGON YOU DID--
COULDN'T READ IT.
EVERY TATTOO I DO
GETS BETTER AND BETTER.
- WHEN ARE YOU ON THE RISE?
- EVERY TATTOO I DO
HAS GOTTEN BETTER AND BETTER.
- NO, YOU'RE NOT ON THE RISE.
- YOURS ARE GETTING WORSE
AND WORSE.
- YOU HAVE BEEN CONSISTENTLY
IN THE BOTTOM THE WHOLE TIME.
I'D RATHER PUT MY MONEY ON A GUY
LIKE ME THAT'S BEEN HIGH AND LOW
THAN A GUY WHO HAS BEEN
CONSISTENTLY DOWN.
- DEANGELO, LET ME ASK YOU;
AS A COMPETITOR, WHAT'S BETTER,
TO RIDE THE MIDDLE,
OR TO HAVE HIGHS AND LOWS?
- RIDING THE MIDDLE
ONLY GETS YOU AVERAGE.
RIDING THE HIGHS AND LOWS,
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE MORE HIGHS
THAN LOWS,
SO THEREFORE
YOU COME OUT ON TOP.
- THE JUDGES HAVE DECIDED.
DON,
YOU DO NOT HAVE WHAT IT TAKES
TO BE INK MASTER.
- DON, YOU HAVE NOT BLOWN ME
AWAY WITH A DRAWING.
HOW CAN YOU BE INK MASTER?
- PLEASE PACK YOUR MACHINES
AND CLOSE SHOP.
- [exhales]
- I'M PISSED.
I CAN OUTDRAW ANYBODY
IN THIS COMPETITION.
I FEEL LIKE THE TITLE OF
INK MASTER WAS RIGHT AT MY GRASP
AND THEN IT WAS RIPPED AWAY
FROM ME.
announcer: ON THE NEXT EPISODE
OF  INK MASTER...
- CONGRATULATIONS.
ALL OF YOU HAVE DEFEATED
YOUR RIVALS.
- THERE'S ONLY SIX PEOPLE LEFT
IN THIS COMPETITION.
I JUST WANT TO MAKE SURE
THAT I BEAT EVERYBODY
IN THE HOUSE AT LEAST ONCE.
DING, DING, DING, IT'S ON!
- OH, IT'S OVER ALREADY.
- OH!
- THIS IS YOUR WAY OF TRYING
TO GET IN MY [bleep] HEAD.
- IF EITHER ONE OF YOU [bleep]
PIECES OF [bleep] HAD MY CANVAS,
IT WOULD'VE
BEEN A [bleep] TURD.
- UNFORTUNATELY, WHEN YOU HAVE
THAT MANY POOR OUTINGS,
THEY CATCH UP.
- I WOULD SAY IT'S TERRIBLE.
- IT MAKES IT ALMOST LOOK
GHOULISH.
- IT WAS METICULOUS AND TEDIOUS,
AND I SPENT A LOT OF TIME--
- BUT THERE'S NOTHING
THAT LOOKS METICULOUS.
- THAT CAN BE THE KISS OF DEATH.